hey everyone Swan here again with
Ferreria
multiplayer what episode of it it's been
a while so I'm over a year now
I'm here with both in if you can see I
am the zombies Wow but yeah we're gonna
do some more terraria you didn't even
introduce me man I did I said what vault
did you yes sorry I don't remember slip
since then it but so yeah I don't know
it episode with this I'm not gonna say
whatever random guest out 26 I'm pretty
sure we're past 30 so yeah it's probably
more like the 40s
yeah so it's the Halloween event so
we're mean to you like I killed them you
did after I died yeah I'll put your
money in the chest thing or I'll just
leave it alone I'll give you a little
luckily my feet look like the cat wait
how do you have how do you look like
that from the ditty bag oh yeah my rock
eight I think I got a good evening open
bright of Frank and a mask
ooh I got Ronnie 13 throw anything less
useful banking there we go now if I look
like your boss we're watching you take
that off friend miss Frankie's coming
for you want me to say you want me to
stay as my wizard my wizardry yeah a lot
better man can't keep the mask on Oh
so what we're doing this episode is
trying to go back to swans old bass and
which is like 300 miles away yeah and
we're traveling my foot to collect his
stuff if there's anything what I really
hope that I remember that it is laughs
oh sorry you need some weight right well
it's it would be helpful if you had
light in the water through there that
way you could see I remember this place
yeah oh I get I think I fell in there
first time we saw it I think you did
I had yeah yeah I think I fell to my
death also use a news update we are
going to animate the wasn't called wait
hold on
hey did you notice there's pumpkins
growing everywhere now yeah I like it I
like pumpkins pumpkin pad be honest I'm
not that big of a fan of pumpkin pie
really yeah it's just a little like but
to out say feels more like you're
putting play-doh in your mouth just kind
of possibly at it I think it just
depends on who mate or how do you make
it so it's kind of that are very you say
you like to eat play-doh no I knew a
friend who did I hope I was so confused
on why he liked me I guess I like salty
stuff with white play-doh I who knows no
don't do that
I'm getting rid of this so I can
actually climb it no you just got to get
a grappling hook oh I wish I did well as
you can see I'm currently now in the
right situation do have a grappling hook
someone had to start over so that's why
yeah that's why we're that's why all
this he's having so much trouble
pretty much what happened was oh yeah I
don't have the computer that I used to
anymore and now I have to start over on
a whole new character whole yeah this is
one this is real help
this is real fun do you need a potion oh
yeah I'm gonna use one now take them
that's what you have any bought any what
lock locks I got dirt no way that's mud
there you go there's some mud mud I
threw it down there no that's the weenie
way oh okay that worked as my recording
still going I sure hope so
it clicked out of the game again will
record help I got your buddy
don't you don't fret I'm here to save
the day I'm writing help
it's so deep you can't be
now we're in this predicament again I
got it you got it exactly where we died
earlier
all right everything good everything's
fine just leave that gap we can jump
across gotta add some adventure I have
some adventure what I've entered you
mean by that not being able to get to my
house then back back and forth bringing
all my stuff back
yes it's not yours anymore remember you
you're gonna move next door yes
no my house but oh we found it finally
fill my house but not like current
houses like my house of I use only for
summer vacation that's how I am we come
to the jungle for summer vacation okay
that's why I want anyway by the way I do
want to go to go where no it's hard to
hear you you're kind of muffled I don't
know why it might be because my fingers
a little bit lower cool
what stuff is falling now you're
breaking stuff yeah pretty much
okay can you hear me better oh that
scared me yeah see I did that last time
I was trying to invade your place I
think and I jumped and fell to my death
and nice I think yeah cuz I jumped I
fell down and fell to my death and I was
like oh crap I gotta hurry up and get
over there before he gets there and
takes all my money oh yeah
me neither we need to make a completely
new server and next time we're just
fighting each other consoling I thought
about doing something like that but yeah
yeah where's my house again down here is
it down there it's down
how deep is it
it's just right where I am oh it is okay
because remember you have this beautiful
tree garden thing yeah she's here that's
right because I wanted him for doing a
strange stream oh yeah it seems plant
stuff and I remember this place it's
been so long
here's all my stuff yeah I have a lie
farm analyzer here one defense I'm gonna
have to make me some of these stuff you
may as well just delete just take
everything out of this place yeah I'm
gonna take all the tests and everything
gonna get rid of the stuff I don't want
like the vertebra you want some
vertebrae come here I'm stalling it I
already deleted
I didn't delete it we can get more I can
you make potions with those not good
problem Scout Oh No
okay got that would be awful if we just
tried goblin the patient now yeah after
I just got back uh I'll put on some red
acid I why not my feet aren't acid II
though that's not oh I have three golds
girls I should sell those but after I
get back to because I don't want to die
and lose all my gold 10 gold each I
think it's either 5 or 10 yeah
I think so they were the worth that much
I don't remember exactly I needed that
it was not so high but but high enough
five silver no it's not five silver I
know that's for her so since you're
moving can I cut your tree down though
sure no you can cut down I don't need
the tree this is not gonna be my house
anymore so this is oh I have some more
stuff in here I'm taking the money if
there's no money's in here but I'm
taking it what's going on what did you
do what did you do
no tell me I tell me what you did Robert
you got some explaining to do I only
kill the Beehive and all of its
inhabitants ah it's okay well that's
good the great wizard is here - Helen
call you the great don't worry it's just
jokes
we just have yolks here all right
yeah I'm getting the rest of the stuff
that's in here it's raining in your
house you got a leak
here take these torches delicioso
hey you well you're looking oh so sad
it's an Isetta pad what's what
what Oh No Oh the song I was singing
that's a Italian song it's a called
Italian Italian and Italian another
goodie bag
yeah the goodie bag is pretty cool I
don't want to be the Bride of
Frankenstein yeah there's thinking you
could be some brighter Frankenstein's
probably like police best huh have some
sort of I'm kidding don't worry if you
nurse I've become more brutal over the
last like year I think I noticed do I
know you
[Laughter]
hey can you take some of this jungle
grass seeds to move fast see me that's
all I can take
take this cactus - no can't grab that Oh
here take this invisibility potion okay
and here's some vertebrae all right okay
now I have that I'm gonna take this
chandelier - still got a leak in your
house you know I don't need you telling
me what is leaking in my house not
there's a duck in my house seriously hey
in my defense that I threw that cloud
there a while ago that you still put it
there
I didn't oh why again with the second
time in a row do you remember how many
times it hit last time we played no I'm
not really I bet let's see I want to get
rid of hey do you want shiver thorn
stuff yeah I'll take these right now
wait no no you don't have to I have a
recall potion oh you do okay well I have
no room for it so you don't have to have
room you just pick it up and find out
delete this ACORN no no no don't don't
delete stuff just pick it up like you
would to place blocks or something oh
yeah you the Acorn to you so that works
jinx poke poke you know me cook tomorrow
I I can give you a non sponsor dr.
pepper
okay I'll work I'll deal with that I
like dr. pepper non sponsored this is
sad it's sad we have to do this now I I
didn't even know we had to I just
thought it was just no you have to spend
as nouns not sponsored well you have to
use the same day in sponsor I don't
think you have to this thing that is not
sponsored it's been really gonna keep
last like no no how long did you know
movies don't have to actually tell
people that there have sponsored content
in their videos oh yeah sponsored yep
not sponsored but I want to be sponsored
hey uh honey bunch of a vote honey
bunches of oats if you would please
kindly do sponsor me I love your stuff
yeah he never had I've had some bunches
of oats I love that stuff I know it's
great so good I don't know why it's not
as popular as like like I'm not
sponsored by the way yeah not sponsored
I mean you said it buddy
yeah like you got tricks you got lucky
charms all this stuff that isn't good
for you so then you have honey bunch of
votes which is actually something really
good for you and still really good too
and yet it has no like recognition out
there huh yes only the best oh yeah I
was saying earlier that we're gonna do
some animation of the Medusa episode not
the whole episode but when I encountered
the Medusa and in that my girlfriend
mixes machinae is going to be animating
it so I'll throw you out there that you
were you do not destroy those dirt
blocks that is there for protection for
our enjoyment I'm destroying them dude
come on I'm trying to be him strides now
not really one one what is that here
come here you see this do you see this
was that pretty cougar Kruger no oh that
wasn't a zombie just like those the pixi
yeah it's not as scary but that's cool
I'm showing my world come and change in
this little hole here
what are you attaching it to a chain oh
oh you're talking about the yo-yo card
okay I love that card that card was
great not sponsored by the way yeah I
don't know why I started doing that just
now just
you're stuck there oh oh you mean the
stuff okay yeah I'm kind of stuck on it
I'm going up up top okay as you can
distill there my my base still isn't
finished as you can see I still don't
have all my stuff so I since me this one
had stopped playing for a little bit I
just kind of didn't work on anything oh
yeah yeah no don't got it Hobbs dibs
dibs dibs dibs you don't have it so the
are you full on mana oh yeah well I'm
not so oh and keep them belt oh I'm
gonna take your gold go to outside okay
[Music]
let's go and give me some life crystals
are you at full no what's uh yours is at
right now 140 you only got two yeah I
think I think I gave most of mine you I
think so and those are all gone what a
waste
yeah yeah I'm just like a cloud on
bottle
I very much like to not die you know how
to do that now in this game you have to
go Trick or Treat smell my feet give me
something by the way are you doing
anything for Halloween I don't know yet
I think the people who live with her
having a Halloween party he said also
I'm not a big holiday person I'm not
either unless it come saw Halloween I
love Halloween then again my family
might be doing some trick-or-treating or
something so I might I might go with
them
yeah we're gonna go to Comic Con in
Oklahoma City in Austin and then we're
probably gonna go around the mall in our
town to go there and be weird and those
people that are really cringey at malls
that dress up as things yeah yeah we're
gonna do that yeah do you think people
are gonna be dressing up for Earth Khan
maybe if so I now that though it's
supposed to be small but I don't know
how yeah it is because I've never been
to it yeah I looked it up and then it
seems like it's gonna be small as their
50th anniversary that's why everything's
free yeah so yeah we're gonna go to Okan
and stuff like that tomorrow and do some
crazy stuff with it
wait a minute don't be telling people
that and we're doing cringy we're gonna
do something we go in there this issue
29 of Batman I reckon was fine you and
Brandon can do that yeah I'm more Marvel
Marvel's the boosts yeah
so Oh Brandon's DC yeah I like Marvel
better
I like DC I don't like too many of the
characters in DC like there's some
really odd bizarre characters in DC that
make no sense whatsoever like got the
calculator
yeah bat out calculator man nobody's you
know that cow yeah there was apparently
there was a a cow that became Batman or
something the traveling merchant is yeah
I gotta bail here take this wormhole
potion and I'll be back die oh okay my
friend
what clairs do you have
Khajiit has Lance Macauley zebra so I
was thinking the dressing up my cat as
what has married a life-form analyzer I
have one he's got uh but we could use
the second one we can definitely use a
second one so yeah oh wait I don't have
room for anything yeah you should
probably go drop stuff pop hang up all
these banners oh oh I do have enough
gold for one okay I'm gonna hang up all
these banners real quick cuz they're
eating up all my space so yeah we're
going to do nerdy stuff and if both OH
uploads us in time which he probably
won't you can come meet us there we're
gonna yeah it's not gonna be uploaded
it's already too late
yeah are you gonna dress up as anything
probably not know we might dress up I'm
not sure I'm just about to get done with
a nexus machine as a cosplay whip so
we're about to get that to max are you
talking about dressing up for Halloween
or dressing up for ov con both yes and
no no for old ton yes for Halloween yeah
yeah but even be as for high dressing up
I mean I'm going to buy a pair of
goggles and some of those gloves that
cut off at the
at the fingers yeah I'm going to get my
digivice that I have and I'm gonna be a
Digimon tamer
that actually funny I want to see that I
mean literally I'm just gonna go out
like I normally do but with the digivice
and loves and goggles how that means
that that's not how you sting and slime
is pushing me around push them back
being a bully Oh
Digimon not sponsored yeah that
sponsored same with Oakland and
comic-con
not sponsored not sponsored but
sponsoring in terms of we want key to go
to it it's not sponsor isn't the whole
sponsorship thing only if you're being
pays well yeah if you're monetizing your
videos well in videos in general what it
is is if you're going to a customer or
the viewer that hey this is an
advertisement but it's not an
advertisement then yes that would still
can be considered advertisement makes no
sense the way I exit salamanders
everywhere yeah but yeah what it is is
if you are having advertisements even if
your videos not monetize what it would
do is you still are getting paid by
those people but you know we're just
gonna say now songs even if I know
sponsorships work but I mean if you're
not sponsored and you're not getting ad
revenue you still have to say it's not
sponsored
mmm-hmm let's just do it the things very
finicky especially with that funny I
find it funny if I do it yeah I mean
copyright copyright copyright yeah I
remember whenever you did that
you